AAP-16032: Docathon updates to Disconnected Installation chapter (#405)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-synchronizing-rpm-repositories-by-using-reposync.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// assembly-disconnected-installation.adoc

[id="proc-synchronizing-rpm-repositories-by-using-reposync_{context}"]

= Synchronizing RPM repositories using reposync

> To perform a reposync you need a RHEL host that has access to the internet. After the repositories are synced,  you can move the repositories to the disconnected network hosted from a web server.

Reviewer: Tiny nit (suggestion only)

```suggestion
To perform a reposync, you need a Red Hat Enterprise Linux host that has access to the internet. After the repositories are synced,  you can move the repositories to the disconnected network hosted from a web server.
```

.. If using `--newest-only` the repos downloaded will be ~14GB.

> . If you plan to use {RHSSO}, sync these repositories:

Reviewer: Curious about line 28 (reference to [RHEL 8] Reposync). Is this a standard for RHEL?
